chore: Fixed doc link (#1984)
terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-eks: README.md

- [EBS CSI Driver](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-ebs-csi-driver/blob/master/docs/example-iam-policy.json)
- [VPC CNI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/cni-iam-role.html)
- [Node Termination Handler](https://github.com/aws/aws-node-termination-handler#5-create-an-iam-role-for-the-pods)

> - [Karpenter](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/blob/main/website/content/en/preview/getting-started/getting-started-with-terraform/_index.md#create-the-karpentercontroller-iam-role)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Karpenter](https://karpenter.sh/preview/getting-started/getting-started-with-terraform/#create-the-karpentercontroller-iam-role)
```

Rendered website is nicer than Markdown sources, agree?
